Felix Pesce is super well 16 place
Welcome to the new gameplay and good
let's start with today's gameplay
of minecraft and those of sky wars and
well thank you very much everyone for your
support and also thanks to that league imef
what happened to this good server I
commented because I commonly and that house
I was going to grow up or something like that is if I
What happens is that I usually record in
the sw
3 or s & w 14 but I did not grow the same no
that the gamer pro commented that in the w
and apparently if it is stable and therefore
well thank you very much seriously thank you and
hello ok and greetings to here to lola ceo
123 youtube
talk 99 because I confuse Ivan
be those of the 7 greetings to barbour follow
between apologies and I can not comment
but it was the time it's going so fast
here for commenting again and for
walk watching the comments waving and
all that
greetings also to lola 7
77 that get me for this I do thank you and
good many times to all those who
they went in and let's see how it goes in
these games to see we're going to see 123 what
color you're just brown coffee but remember
that is not worth gym
does not have
what it says here
I think it says what night so fast what
that they say I put you not time because
You already know that I do not like to do or what
wave buf there is a lot here is why
almost did not record those who skyworks for the
lag and I walk with fear seriously no longer
can play with you rays how bad though
happen here you did not miss
you did not miss anything
It can not be no jo jo jo
not what's happening here, I'm already silent if I'm already
it grew I can not write anything and I'm
played here rays what the wave
what happened
what a ripple it is that you know her, I fall
every time they are more crazy these sky one
I do not understand anything, I thought I had
let me see if you can enter another
to see and here I can not do many
cuts because they are not very long
you wait and although I enter another one I wait
this one is more stable to why there is
both the rays and my internet connection
it's fine a moment ago I just got out
of this mobile if you create vision to your
moment has just left the games of
laure so the connection is fine not
I understand why because you are and so
Wanted the sky wash also that I
They come down, I like Sky Wars
but they are very, very blocked now
I do not know what else there is still good and they're going
inside yes great sijena ha ha ha
and remember what I remember that new
team and good I do not know what else to comment
If I run out of ideas radios
to ok and yes good about minecraft 0.11
remember that you try to pass
although I'm already inside or rays was
Private maybe I 'm not here remember
that I will try to pass the 0.11
point x what will come out and good
I will pass them but keep in mind that
It still does not come out so they do not ask me
because I do not know who I do not know who
has been tolerating and this has already gone up
he died he stayed in 8 seconds rays to
see again where is where are you
number to see here are you do not hide 4
3 2 1
I am not the one who is spoiling them
there is still a lot but serious so there is a
the end I will not be able to record a thousand
sorry, I will not be able to record
here is ok it appears yes well let's
continue and if you remember that you are
entering do not pay attention to them but what
public me nobody else to joke but
look at pages or channels
trust do not believe anyone who
tell them or trust another one below is
way good to me not personally not
I like trolling them so it's very
difficult for me to trolleys like that
with things like that the 4 lear with
other very simple things but not from
of those things seriously that does not do not
I really like it so do not believe them I
I will always try to be honest with
you are more I am honest with
you and remember that if you did not publish it
I therefore
and I will not be able to record at ease
Excuse me excuse me seriously
for the sky wars but they are very
unstable I wanted to record at ease but
you can not anyway I'm going to go up
this video as well as they see it I'm going to
go up but it's not because I want to go up
filthy or something to the channel not that
I want you to know because if I do not record in
sky wars is for this reason that almost
I do not record in sky wars because there's
many there is a lot there is of everything to
those who fall less games and good
I hope not that you did not like it
this video because obviously it's not going to
like I did nothing and my good
apologies are very unstable the sky
I would have liked to record them but
they are practically impossible to record and
sometimes what happens these days, well, I'm going
to see what I can do to play with
we'll see you later
bye thanks